MCO fix updated boot image on GCP is tech preview (#93322)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/mco-update-boot-images.adoc

* Certificate expiration issues
* Version skew issues

> To avoid these issues, you can configure your cluster to update the boot image whenever you update your cluster. By modifying the `MachineConfiguration` object, you can enable this feature. Currently, the ability to update the boot image is available for only Google Cloud Platform (GCP) clusters as a Technology Preview and is not supported for {cluster-capi-operator} managed clusters.

Reviewer: It's out of scope, but suggest using the attribute name {gcp-first} that displays as 'Google Cloud Platform (GCP)'.

```suggestion
To avoid these issues, you can configure your cluster to update the boot image whenever you update your cluster. By modifying the `MachineConfiguration` object, you can enable this feature. Currently, the ability to update the boot image is available for only {gcp-first} clusters as a Technology Preview and is not supported for {cluster-capi-operator} managed clusters.
```

> To avoid these issues, you can configure your cluster to update the boot image whenever you update your cluster. By modifying the `MachineConfiguration` object, you can enable this feature. Currently, the ability to update the boot image is available for only Google Cloud Platform (GCP) clusters as a Technology Preview and is not supported for {cluster-capi-operator} managed clusters.

Reviewer: Suggest adding 'feature' after 'Technology Preview'. 
```suggestion
To avoid these issues, you can configure your cluster to update the boot image whenever you update your cluster. By modifying the `MachineConfiguration` object, you can enable this feature. Currently, the ability to update the boot image is available for only Google Cloud Platform (GCP) clusters as a Technology Preview feature and is not supported for {cluster-capi-operator} managed clusters.
```

> To avoid these issues, you can configure your cluster to update the boot image whenever you update your cluster. By modifying the `MachineConfiguration` object, you can enable this feature. Currently, the ability to update the boot image is available for only Google Cloud Platform (GCP) clusters as a Technology Preview feature and is not supported for {cluster-capi-operator} managed clusters.

Reviewer 2: Out of scope but since we're looking at attributes, maybe you can replace this with an attribute while you're at it:
```suggestion
To avoid these issues, you can configure your cluster to update the boot image whenever you update your cluster. By modifying the `MachineConfiguration` object, you can enable this feature. Currently, the ability to update the boot image is available for only {gcp-first} clusters as a Technology Preview feature and is not supported for {cluster-capi-operator} managed clusters.
```

> :FeatureName: The updating boot image feature on GCP clusters

Reviewer: Similar suggestion here to use the attribute name {gcp-short} that displays as 'GCP'.
```suggestion
:FeatureName: The updating boot image feature on {gcp-short} clusters 
```
